while it's a big question one will see
the Green Lantern who will be playing
the character in the upcoming movies
well if Tyrese Gibson of course was most
famous for an upcoming movie The Fast
and Furious franchise is to be believed
it will be him earlier today he posted a
picture claiming you know the oath has
been taken he quickly took it down and
then he just kept posting on more more
pictures of uh you know him as
photoshopped as Green Lantern now you
know he's been teasing this for a while
and we talked about this year before you
know a lot of actors have actually just
self promoted themselves into roles in
Hollywood arm you know there's a lot the
most famous name he could pretty much
attribute as one of his co-workers of
course Vin Diesel who got the role for
GRU just by fans support I mean it's not
insane you know Danny Trejo all the time
puts his name out there for roles and he
gets into him so it you know the
internet and you know response from fans
and our self-promoting seems to work
these days now looking at Tyrese Gibson
as you know obviously he would be Jon
Stewart that is an interesting take on
it because to me Tyrese Gibson it always
seems a more comedic funny guy on I
don't know anybody who thinks of him as
a serious character you know but it
could be one of these things where you
know that's how we perceive him I mean I
always mentioned Chris Evans everybody
perceived him as this funny man no we
can't see him as Captain America he's
come to define that role you know in the
movies to the point where it's just like
Robert Downey jr. I can't see anybody
else doing this besides this dude which
is something that I think you know
Tyrese has an uphill battle against you
know which is a fans now could this be
true you know I would like to say it
probably is um if Warner Brothers was to
announce anything you would think they
would announce at any day now because
you know they don't want it to leak and
he would have the hype going from the
Furious 7 you know movie because it's
coming out they could ask some start
asking the questions on the red carpets
and stuff you know in interviews post
movie road
then Quebec so your green lantern right
back well you know we'll talk about that
start hyping up that you know the entire
DC Cinematic Universe from that
standpoint this makes a whole lot of
sense on you know I personally for
Tyrese I actually do enjoy what he does
on there's been a few roles you know
where he is a perfect fit for the
character you give him because they play
around with how he's being you know
handled as an actor you play to his
strengths not his weaknesses which is
something really great something you
should do you know could he surprise us
all as I said before I think he can I
think he's definitely got it you know I
think he's become if you go back and
watch Fast and Furious 2 or 2 fast 2
furious and you watch newest movie he's
been in he's definitely gotten better
let's ignore transformers because those
movies didn't do anybody any favors and
at the very least you know they killed
people's careers but you know I think
Tyrese can do this I believe he can you
know I think he's got the chops to do it
the big question is going to be though
how do you introduce you know this
character without introducing Hal Jordan
or Kyle Rayner or saying that these
people didn't exist you know because
that's one of the big hurdles you're
going to have with it because we like
you know connection we like having
history and just saying oh we have Hal
Jordan he's gone
is that enough that it does that mean
then that they sort of acknowledge that
the Green Lantern movie existed before
because if you're doing Jon Stewart I
would mean you know the yellow lanterns
and there's a whole lot of world already
built in that universe and if we're not
getting Green Lantern told 2020 2019
2020 you know in a solo movie you got to
think about that the time is moving so
what the hell is Green Lantern doing you
know it's there's a lot of you know what
ifs in you know and if or buts and you
just anything at all send it seems a
little confusing but when you really
come down to it to me personally Green
Lantern is a character I absolutely love
you know I've been reading them for a
better part of a decade now
but it's probably the character most
comics for arm I think I own close to
900 Green Lantern comics now which is
way more than I own you know Aquaman or
anybody else which is insane
so I definitely want a Green Lantern to
be part of the Justice League
he's instrumental in being one of the
founding members so to me that kind of
you know seems important and I really
want to know just how you're gonna
explain it but now I want you guys to
let me know what are your thoughts on
this do you support Tyrese Gibson as the
Green Lantern do you see him in this
role and how do you feel that they're
going to handle the major already
existence of the Green Lantern Corps
existing so thank you for watching the
video if you guys liked what you saw
don't forget to Like and subscribe and
if you haven't already check out some of
these other great videos we have on the
channel just click the annotation right
there I'll take your tool thank you for
watching guys and have a good one
you